New Project Assignment: Tic-Tac-Toe
    **I'm going to once again be "throwing you in the wild". 
    **This time, you have some more knowledge about tools that you can use, mainly github in order to help you resolve a solution to your task. 
    **This is known as open source, and this is the beauty of open source. You don't have to reinvent the wheel, you just have to know where to find a wheel. Then use the wheel to do whatever you want. 
    **Feel free to clone a repo containing code for a tic tac toe game. But also feel free if you do that, to modify it and make it something interesting. Instead of X and O make it whatever else you think would be cool. 


Assignment Tasks: 
    1. I want you to leverage all tools covered in this class: 
        a. HTML5
        b. CSS3
        c. JS ES6 (Vanilla JS)
        d. Bootstrap (CSS Framework)
        e. JQuery (JavaScript Framework)
        f. Git (Version Control Manager)
        g. DOM

    2. I want you to build a tic tac toe 3 in a row game. 
        a. Essentially, think about the logic of tic tac toe. 
            aa. If I click on a particular box or grid or column, then I expect my value to render on that grid, column, or box. 
                aaa. If I am player 1, it should render " X or O" and Vice Versa. 
        b. The hardest of this project?
            bb. Determining the logic of the winner, basically, 3 in a row. 
                bbb. You'll have to define the logic behind how to determine a winner in a game of tic tac toe. 

        Hint: Think of Lists/Arrays, think of Nested Lists/Arrays.
        Hint: Think of Rows and Columns
        Hint: Think of your Calc App and think about how it has any similarities to the logic of Tic-Tac-Toe. 






Next Assignment: 

BlackJack: Create a BlackJack Game using HTML CSS and JS. 

Here are the rules. You have a deck of playing cards. So a sequence of cards. 

Just like in a game of BlackJack, you pull a random value from the top of the deck (sequence of values)

You'll need to keep track of the values that accumulate'

If the value accumulated goes above 21, you lose

If the value accumulated equals 21 you "blackjack"

If Neither of those events occur, well then: 	

	a. If Player 1 Accumulated Value is Greater than Player 2, Player 1 Wins
	b. Vice Versa
	c. If Player 1 and Player 2 have the same hand, (you can create a custom functionality) or you can just call it a draw. 


